Anthony Dao is an IT technical manager with 25 years of experience in both Strategic Outsourcing and IT Management experience. Anthony is currently part of the IBM Cloud Solutioning Centre Asia Pacific and Japan, where he is the Solutioning Guild Leader. He is responsible for providing technical direction and leading a highly trained cloud architect and cloud solution design team with a specific focus on ensuring successful client experience in helping the client to move their workloads to the Cloud. Anthony has deep understanding of the Cloud’s technology that can work with a client to help a client understand the benefits of cloud adoption and work with the client to mitigate challenges of cloud adoption. Anthony also supports the IBM Cloud sales and technical sales to maximises the potential Cloud technology on deals.
 Anthony’s Profile
linkedin.com/in/anthony-dao-178bb714
Email
anthony.dao@gmail.com
Connected
Dec 8, 2021


ExperienceExperience

    Cloud Solutioning LeadCloud Solutioning Lead
    IBM Global Services PTY LTD · Full-timeIBM Global Services PTY LTD · Full-time Aug 2018 - Present · 5 yrs 4 mosAug 2018 - Present · 5 yrs 4 mos SingaporeSingapore
            Anthony is currently part of the IBM Cloud Solutioning Centre Asia Pacific and Japan, where he is the Cloud Solutioning Leader. He is responsible for providing technical direction and leading a highly trained cloud architect and cloud solution design team with a specific focus on ensuring successful client experience in helping the client to move their workloads to the Cloud. Anthony has a deep understanding of the Cloud’s technology that can work with a client to help a client understand the benefits of cloud adoption and work with the client to mitigate challenges of cloud adoption. Anthony also supports the IBM Cloud sales and technical sales to maximise the potential Cloud technology on deals.Anthony is currently part of the IBM Cloud Solutioning Centre Asia Pacific and Japan, where he is the Cloud Solutioning Leader. He is responsible for providing technical direction and leading a highly trained cloud architect and cloud solution design team with a specific focus on ensuring successful client experience in helping the client to move their workloads to the Cloud. Anthony has a deep understanding of the Cloud’s technology that can work with a client to help a client understand the benefits of cloud adoption and work with the client to mitigate challenges of cloud adoption. Anthony also supports the IBM Cloud sales and technical sales to maximise the potential Cloud technology on deals. 

IBM Global ServicesIBM Global Services
7 yrs 8 mos7 yrs 8 mos

    Security and Network Solution Lead for Service Integration Hub EastSecurity and Network Solution Lead for Service Integration Hub East
    Aug 2015 - Aug 2018 · 3 yrs 1 moAug 2015 - Aug 2018 · 3 yrs 1 mo Sydney, AustraliaSydney, Australia
            In my new role as the Security and Network Solution Lead for SIH East, I am responsible for shaping through either directly working on or influencing both security and network solution for strategic outsourcing deal for both new logo and existing contract.

            As part of my role I also have a service line responsibility to enable our technical solution manager with new and innovative solution along with trend being seen within the industry.In my new role as the Security and Network Solution Lead for SIH East, I am responsible for shaping through either directly working on or influencing both security and network solution for strategic outsourcing deal for both new logo and existing contract. As part of my role I also have a service line responsibility to enable our technical solution manager with new and innovative solution along with trend being seen within the industry. 

Bharti Airtel India and Africa Global Compliance LeadBharti Airtel India and Africa Global Compliance Lead
May 2014 - Aug 2015 · 1 yr 4 mosMay 2014 - Aug 2015 · 1 yr 4 mos New Delhi and Nairobi KenyaNew Delhi and Nairobi Kenya

        Working on secondment to Bharti Airtel. It was quite a ride for me in this role as what the original role that I started out in May 2014 have morph into a entirely different role by September 2014 due to changing requirements within the client. The role was definitely challenging in many aspects with lots of travel, long period away from family but it stretched me in many ways that I thought was not possible. I learned a lot along the way and developed life long friendship but most importantly brought me to Africa which have broaden my international reach.

        Working on secondment to Bharti Airtel. It was quite a ride for me in this role as what the original role that I started out in May 2014 have morph into a entirely different role by September 2014 due to changing requirements within the client. The role was definitely challenging in many aspects with lots of travel, long period away from family but it stretched me in many ways that I thought was not possible. I learned a lot along the way and developed life long friendship but most importantly brought me to Africa which have broaden my international reach. 

AP SARM Competency ExecutiveAP SARM Competency Executive
Jan 2011 - May 2014 · 3 yrs 5 mosJan 2011 - May 2014 · 3 yrs 5 mos IBM SingaporeIBM Singapore

        Working on secondment in Singapore



IBM logo
Identity and Access Management - Service Line OwnershipIdentity and Access Management - Service Line Ownership
IBM AustraliaIBM Australia Mar 2009 - May 2010 · 1 yr 3 mos


IBM logo
IBMIBM
3 yrs 1 mo3 yrs 1 mo

    CLMCLM
    1996 - 1999 · 3 yrs1996 - 1999 · 3 yrs
    Technical SpecialistTechnical Specialist
    1996 - 1998 · 2 yrs


EducationEducation

    University of Technology Sydney
    University of Technology SydneyUniversity of Technology Sydney
    1989 - 1995